---
layout: article
category : articles
title :  FLCos
tagline: ""
tags : [MES]
image:
  feature:
  teaser: FLCos.jpg
---


FLCos: Fast Light Controlling System. This system apply to the plants which is on processing control.
FLCos combines all functions of modern production management in itself, such as order management, detailed planning and fine-tuning,
resource and material management, personnel management, quality management, machine data collection (MDE), factory data capture (BDE) and performance analysis.
FLCos guarantee information advantage for efficient production.

## characteristic
Device Independent
Full functionality of FLCos is available on all devices from your PC via tablets to the smartphone. Thus any time remain mobile.

#### Web-based
FLCos only requires any internet browser for unrestricted operation and assures you that the greatest possible flexibility.

#### Hardware Compatible
WEB.MES is characterized by a distinct hardware and sensor flexibility. This not only existing plants and machines are connected, but also advanced hardware solutions.

#### Highly transparent
data collection and done in a split second, and that makes the difference: FLCos shows a real picture of your manufacturing processes namely in genuine real time.

#### International
features such as multi-site capability and online language switching for multilingual use are natural for FLCos.

#### Own Label print
FLCos has its own label printing and editing.

#### Expandable
Anyway develop your production and your requirements for an MES: FLCos grows flexibly with. The uniqueness of the software structure ensures easy expansion during operation.

#### System compliant
You can run it any kind system. FLCos is developed on CentOS. This can help you to cost down.





